What do you want?
My brother died for his country
Lift his soul and smash his mourning hall
I don't know why.
Your father is sick and hospitalized
unthinking training
haunted
That's unfilial.
Dignified is a relative
You intimidate
Sell wild for glory
Why don't you want to?
The Wei family treats you like a mountain
But you are really open to money
This is unwillingness
you
Loyal and unfilial, unkind and unjust generation
Oneness with the Rabbit
Tell you that I am Chen Shao's appointed brother-in-law
How dare you hit me
You are dead.
If it weren't for the sugar output
I want you to be buried with my brother today
Son
Mr. Chen will come to pick up the kiss soon.
If you dare to touch our Li family
Chen Shao will definitely not let you go
I will never marry Chen Shao and Chen Hao when I die. What about others?
Chen Shaodao